One of the innovations that
really made browsing a much,
much better experience is HTML,
hypertext markup language.
The basic idea here is,
you will put control information
in the data itself,
using special conventions.
So that the renderer can take appropriate
action in highlighting animations or
taking some specific action that you would
want the person draws in to be able to do.
Very powerful idea, similar to what
we were doing combining control and
data in the same medium.
Do not want to belabor the point,
you all know how that took off since
early 90s as HTML got introduce.
But I do want to highlight
that there were some
unintended consequences in HTML and
other browsing technologies.
You can use HTML code injection, or
cross-site scripting that can make
the devices really vulnerable.
There is one other aspect
when the telephony got
converged with the Internet,
voiceover IP, the SS7 signalling,
also left similar
vulnerability in the service.
So some of these
consequences are really bad.
But some of them just make
things outright annoying.
For example, email.
You've all heard the term email spam.
Actually, the word spam came from
Monty Python's skit In the early 70s.
Jimmy.
Very hilarious.
>> Morning.
What ya got then?
>> Well, there's eggs and bacon,
eggs sausage and bacon, egg and SPAM,
egg, bacon and Spam, egg, bacon,
sausage and Spam, Spam, bacon, sausage and
Spam, Spam, egg Spam Spam, bacon
>> Is it Spam?
Spam, Spam, Spam, eggs and Spam.
Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam,
Spam, baked beans, Spam,
Spam, Spam and Spam.
Oh, and Lobster Thermidor because that's
for the Boulenaise sauce goes with
truffle, pancake, brandy, and
a flagon of bottled Spam.
[LAUGH]
>> Have you got anything without
Spam in it?
>> Well, Spam eggs, sausage and
Spam, it's not got much Spam in it.
>> I don't want any Spam.
Why can't you have egg,
bacon, spam, and sausage?
>> That's got spam in it!
>> Not as much as spam,
egg, sausage, and spam.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Look, could I have egg,
bacon, spam, and sausage without the spam?
>> Ugh!
>> [LAUGH]
>> What do you mean ugh?
I don't like spam!
>> Spam, spam, spam, spam,
spam, spam, spam, spam.
Spamity spam!
Wonderful Spam!
>> Shut up!
Shut up!